# CS-360-Mobile-Architect-Programming

The requirements of the app that I created was to simply create an app where you are able to login, enable push notifications, and create a table such that you are able to log the contents of your inventory, as well as their individual quantities, into the app. In order for the app to have these features and support user needs, it was necessary for the app to only have three screens, one for login, one for enabling different notifications, and one for storing, manipulating, and displaying the stock of your inventory. By making all the icons able to be seen easily and giving them pictures that match their uses cases, users should be able to easily understand and use the app. I approached the app by trying to make it simple to use while also keeping it modular so that it can be added to and upgraded in the future. This sort of strategy is always helpful for coding and it should always be utilized to the best of the coder's ability. Too much complexity or rigidness is the downfall of a lot of apps. By testing your code, you are able to ensure that it functioning correctly, while catching all of the bugs that came out in the code that you did not see previously. This is incredibly important because no user wants a buggy app, or one that just stright-up crashes on them. I had to innovate in a couple places to overcome challenges in the code. A lot of those times just had to do with switching from one view and using it in a different way than I had previously thought in order to complete a task. Particulariy, looking at my actual implementation of the inventory is where my skills in this app shines that most.
